Weekly team meeting 1/28/25:

In attendance:  Amil, Elizabeth, Jennifer, Justin, and Michelle

We started with introductions.  Everyone on the team described their area of expertise, which is a combination of front-end and backend experience.  

We also discussed roles and expectations for this semester, including distribution of labor.  Jennifer will handle the database portion of this project, including building the MySQL database. Amil will work on the backend, including the integration of the frontend with the database.
Elizabeth and Michelle will work on the front end interface. Justin will do a combination of front and backend.  

We decided that our team project for this semester will be a club tracker app.  The app will be web-based, and built using React, Python, Flask, with a MYSQL database to handle user login info.  Users would be able to sign in and administer clubs they are members of, with different permissions for members.  We are also planning to include event information and budget tracking as features of the app.

The majority of the meeting was spent working on the requirements document.  We came up with 20 different requirements, and assigned story points for each.  The requirements were a combination of front-end and backend items.  

We decided tentatively on meeting weekly via Zoom at 6:00 p.m. on Tuesdays, but this is subject to change if the time doesn't work for everyone.  

Weekly team meeting 2/4/25:

In attendance:  Amil, Jennifer, Justin, and Michelle

We talked about deliverables for this Sunday.  We need the architecture document to reflect what we are going to build.  

We need something for authentication - User ID/password, e-mail.  These will be added to the Users table.  You will be able to self-register, and won't necessarily need to be added to a club right away.    

Under Clubs, add an invite code.  This way a registered user can join a club.

Merging Club_Members and Members table, making sure to keep the Admin flag on the Members table.  We are not adding specific permissions at this time, but are keeping track of admins using this flag.  

Once Jennifer has built the database, she will export it and place on Git.

For the architecture document, Jennifer will add the database schema and the update statements.  Anil will put togther the front-end portion of this document.  
  
We discussed Sprint 1.  All the database tables are added for that, then the user login/authentication.  We will use a session token for authentication instead of a global variable.  .  

We divided up the work on the artifacts, with Jennifer doing the database portion and Anil, Elizabeth, Michelle, and Justin completing the remaining items.    

We will need to ask a few questions of the TA, with regards to whether the requirements list is set in stone.  Also what is acceptable for the documentation to turn in Sunday.  

Meeting Minutes 2/7/25:

In attendance:  Amil, Elizabeth, Jennifer, Justin, Michelle 

This meeting was called to delegate coding to all members of the team, since the code is due a week from Sunday.  We also wanted to make sure we were good on Sprint 2 Artifacts.  


Jennifer will build the database.  
Anil will build the front end.
Michelle - requirement 1
Elizabeth - requirement 2
Justin will step in as needed.  


Anil said when we are doing source control, try to do our own branch, then push to Main for final release. 

We won't be having a meeting on Tuesday.  We are going to meet Thursday at 6:00 for the Sprint 2 deliverables.  

